Write about the book's perspective on habit formation from the lens of Identity, processes and outcomes?
"Identity change is the north start of Habit change"
The ultimate form of intrinsic motivation is when a habit becomes part of our identity.

I eat healthy , and i become healthy
I am a healthy person hence i eat healthy , and one day i achieve it.


Write about the book's perspective on processes and goals?
1. Goals are about the results you want to achieve. Processes that lead to those results.
2. Winners and losers have the same goals.
3. Achieving a goal is only a momentary change.
4. The purpose of setting goals is to win the game. The purpose of building Processes is to continue playing the game.



Explain the 4 parts of a habit?
    1. Cue
        Cue is part of keep going. Eliminate the cue and habit will never start.
    2. Craving
        Craving is part of habit to continue, Reduce the craving and you won’t experience enough motivation to act.
    3. Response
        Make the behavior difficult and you won’t be able to do it.
    4. Reward
        The first purpose of rewards is to satisfy your craving. Reward for we have our habits, if the reward fails to satisfy our desire, then we have no reason to do it again in the future.





Write about the book's perspective on how to make a good habit easier?
1.  Decrease the number of steps between you and your good habits.
2.  Design environment to make future actions easier.
3.  Use the Two-Minute Rule. Downscale your habits until they can be done in two minutes or less.
4.  Give yourself an immediate reward when you complete your habit.
5.  Keep track of your habit streak and “don’t break the chain.”
6.  Never miss twice. When you forget to do a habit, make sure you get back on track immediately.



Write about the book's perspective on making a bad habit more difficult?
1.  Reduce exposure. Remove the cues of your bad habits from your environment.
2.  Highlight the benefits of avoiding your bad habits.
3.  Increase the number of steps between you and your bad habits.
4.  Ask someone to watch your behavior.
5.  Make the costs of your bad habits public and painful.


https://www.nateliason.com/notes/atomic-habits-james-clear



