physical activity  protect your brain from different 
conditions like depression, Alzheimer's disease or dementia

BRAIN--
1. Prefrontal Cortex - right behind your forehead,
     critical for things like decision-making, focus, attention and your personality
2. Two Temporal Lobe (in deep) Hippocampus - 
     critical for your ability to form and retain new 
     long-term memories for facts and events.

Reform of exercise
    able to focus and maintain my attention for longer than before.
     And my long-term memory 
     -- what I was studying in my own lab 
     -- seemed to be better in me. And that's when I put it together. 

Number one: it has immediate effects on your brain. 
A single workout that you do will immediately increase 
levels of neurotransmitters like dopamine, serotonin and noradrenaline. 

these effects are long-lasting because exercise actually 
changes the brain's anatomy, physiology and function

The hippocampus -- or exercise actually produces brand new
 brain cells, new brain cells in the hippocampus, 
that actually increase its volume, as well as improve your long-term memory

Number two: the most common finding in neuroscience studies, 
looking at effects of long-term exercise, is improved attention 
function dependent on your prefrontal cortex. You not 
only get better focus and attention, 
but the volume of the hippocampus increases as well

the most transformative thing that exercise will do is its
 protective effects on your brain. Here you can think about 
 the brain like a muscle. The more you're working out,
 the bigger and stronger your hippocampus and prefrontal cortex gets.

The rule of thumb is you want to get three to four times a 
 week exercise minimum 30 minutes an exercise session, 
 and you want to get aerobic exercise in. That is, get your heart rate up. 

 Thank you.
 bringing exercise in your life will not only give you a happier,
  more protective life today, but it will protect your brain from incurable diseases. 
 And in this way it will change the trajectory of your life for the better. 